Token Type          Lexeme
keyword             int
keyword             main
punctuation         (
punctuation         )
punctuation         {
keyword             char
identifier          c
punctuation         ;
keyword             int
identifier          i
punctuation         ;
identifier          c
punctuation         ;
operator            =
char                h
punctuation         ;
identifier          i
punctuation         ;
operator            =
identifier          c
punctuation         ;
operator            +
integer             3
punctuation         ;
punctuation         }

Symbol Table        Line Number
c                   2
i                   3
